WMCO hiding 4.18.0 docs (#88987)
openshift/openshift-docs: windows_containers/index.adoc

toc::[]

> Documentation for {productwinc} will be available for {product-title} {product-version} in the near future.

Reviewer: I think we are supposed to avoid concrete forward-looking statements IIUC. If you have approval for this language from other sources, please disregard my comment :)
```suggestion
Documentation for {productwinc} is planned to be available for {product-title} {product-version} in the near future.
```
